hey hey blue table fans today we're
going to take a look at a circle of or
browse army this is up on blue table
store calm currently and we're going to
take a closer look also I'm going to be
using this in an exhibition game ie a
battle report or bat rep going to be
running up against Roberto's whatever he
has Dave what is Roberto have for
facebook troll lies okay so I'll be
going up against roll or trope that all
right so anyway so this army is
depending on how you run it is somewhere
between 40 and 50 points and the
warcaster here is you have kya the moon
born and loris and that gives you a
bonus three points to allocate pretty
low actually for for a warcaster now for
those of you not familiar with war
machine and hordes a sort of mid-sized
game to play as 35 points so this army
has plenty for that plus some you know
some extras for for variation that is a
lot of text that I'm getting right now
sorry about that folks so she really
turn my phone off before getting started
on these so anyway this is actually a
really good list and it's very close to
what I would play normally plus some
things for more you know experienced
players so anyway let's continue so as
an alternative kya the Wild Hunter oh
yeah for those of you not familiar a
warcaster actually cost negative points
in this game so they give you like
points to spend on other stuff they
don't actually cost anything okay you've
got a drood wilder two points for her
never leave home without the wilder
she's an auto include absolutely
fantastic now kya does best with the
pack of wolves we've got a pureblood
warp wolf and a feral warp wolf this is
kind of a standard thing now if I had to
switch something
I would either add or replace the
ferrule with a warped wolf stalker
fortunately have a staffer on onboard
who has one for me to use my bat rep
against Roberta so anyway to continue
we've got a druid overseer here and a
druid wayfarer both really cool models
two units of six each of druids of or
boroughs now these are good for board
manipulation they're pretty light but
they can hit heavy with these reach
glaives or whatever it is that they have
these halberd things so really I usually
run two units these guys just for kicks
over here you have a a oh my gosh how
can I not remember the name for this
alright let's take a look in the
rulebook here black-clad wayfair there's
your wilder words of our bros thorne
wolf writers Huntress okay this is a
little embarrassing a stone keeper yeah
that's what he's called so he's only one
point and he upgrades the shifting
stones right here and then you have to
Argus now these you could arguably run
them as winter Argus if you wanted to
and they have a great spray attack that
can freeze opponents so anyway but the
Argus themselves are pretty solid and so
this is a really really really fantastic
starter army on request you can get the
battle foam that comes with this there's
two sheets and one of them has plenty of
room for expansion so this this army is
a really really really super deal guys
and I would go on blue table store and
and look this up hopefully it hasn't
sold already i'll see if i can get a
link up for that and you're going to see
these bad boys in action tomorrow and
I'm very very very excited about that
thanks for tuning in and I hope you got
your inspiration for the day